AAP-29217 - Convert authentication mapping content (#1751)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-controller-organization-mapping.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="ref-controller-organization-mapping"]

= Organization mapping

You can control which users are placed into which {PlatformNameShort} organizations based on attributes like their username and email address or based on groups provided from an authenticator. 

> When organization mapping is positively evaluated, a specified organization is created, if it doesn’t exist if the authenticator tied to the map is allowed to create objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When organization mapping is positively evaluated, a specified organization is created, if it does not exist if the authenticator tied to the map is allowed to create objects.
```
